PIM-10484: [SLA] Failed jobs shouldn't be filtered with 'In progress' filter in the process tracker (#17212)
akeneo/pim-community-dev: CHANGELOG.md

- PIM-10471: Do not generate 2 files when making a quick export of 1 type of products
- PIM-10475: Fix option existence validation for numeric option codes
- PIM-10483: Fix slow loading products when filtering by variants

> - PIM-10484: Fix job filter on status being incoherent with job interupted by deamon crash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PIM-10484: Fix job filter on status being incoherent with job interrupted by daemon crash
```
